fix and enhance docs for newly added features (#726)
minio/directpv: docs/cli.md

FLAGS:
  -n, --nodes strings        discover drives from given nodes; supports ellipses pattern e.g. node{1...10}
  -d, --drives strings       discover drives by given names; supports ellipses pattern e.g. sd{a...z}
      --all                  If present, include non-formattable devices in the display
      --output-file string   output file to write the init config (default "drives.yaml")
      --timeout duration     specify timeout for the discovery process (default 2m0s)
  -h, --help                 help for discover

GLOBAL FLAGS:
      --kubeconfig string   Path to the kubeconfig file to use for CLI requests
      --quiet               Suppress printing error messages

EXAMPLES:
1. Discover drives
   $ kubectl directpv discover

2. Discover drives from a node
   $ kubectl directpv discover --nodes=node1

3. Discover a drive from all nodes
   $ kubectl directpv discover --drives=nvme1n1

4. Discover all drives from all nodes (including unavailable)
   $ kubectl directpv discover --all

5. Discover specific drives from specific nodes
   $ kubectl directpv discover --nodes=node{1...4} --drives=sd{a...f}

```

### Initialize the available drives present in the cluster

> Initializing the drives will format the selected drives with XFS filesystem and will mount them to `/var/lib/directpv/mnt/<UUID>` and the initialized drives will be used for provisioning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Initializing the drives will format the selected drives with XFS filesystem and mount them to `/var/lib/directpv/mnt/<UUID>`. DirectPV can then use the initialized drives for provisioning Persistent Volumes in respones to PVC with the `direct-pv-min-io` storage class.
```

> **Warning**: This command will completely erase the data (mkfs) in the selected disks by formatting them

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Warning**: This command will completely and irreversibly erase the data (mkfs) in the selected disks by formatting them
```
